h1. An OAuth Consumer implementation in Objective-C

The original code for this project was provided by the "OAuthConsumer project on Google Code":http://oauth.googlecode.com/svn/code/obj-c/OAuthConsumer/.
To get started please see the "Using OAuth Consumer":http://code.google.com/p/oauthconsumer/wiki/UsingOAuthConsumer tutorial in the original project wiki.

h2. Integrating OAuthConsumer into your project

OAuthConsumer is compiled as a static library, and the easiest way to add it to your project is to use Xcode's "dependent project" facilities. Here is how:

# Clone the repository and make sure you store it in a permanent place, because Xcode will need to reference the files every time you compile your project.
# Drag and drop the "OAuthConsumer.xcodeproj" file under "oauth-objc/src" onto the root of your Xcode project's "Groups and Files" sidebar.
# A dialog will appear -- make sure "Copy items" is unchecked and "Reference Type" is "Relative to Project" before clicking "Add".
# Link the OAuthConsumer static library to your project:
** Doubleclick the "OAuthConsumer.xcodeproj" item that has just been added to the sidebar
** Go to the "Details" table and you will see a single item: libOAuthConsumer.a.
** Check the checkbox on the far right of libOAuthConsumer.a.
# Add OAuthConsumer as a dependency of your project, so Xcode compiles it whenever you compile your project:
** Expand the "Targets" section of the sidebar and double-click your application's target.
** Go to the "General" tab and you will see a "Direct Dependencies" section. 
** Click the "+" button, select "OAuthConsumer", and click "Add Target".
# Tell your project where to find the OAuthConsumer headers:
** Open your "Project Settings" and go to the "Build" tab.
** Look for "Header Search Paths" and doubleclick it.
** Add the relative path from your project's directory to the "oauth-objc/src" directory.
# While you are in Project Settings, go to "Other Linker Flags" under the "Linker" section, and add "-ObjC" and "-all_load" to the list of flags.
# You're ready to go.  Just #import "OAuthConsumer/OAuthConsumer.h" anywhere you want to use OAuthConsumer classes in your project.
